One. two. three.
well done yes thank you alert the media
oh wait that's us and now we've arrived
at the gold keyboard for the story or
series that constitutes outstanding
enterprise or investigative reporting
our first nominee from the new york
vanguard is andy fax for hearts of the
same stories our second
nominee from the golfing center is
george ali for the subway station
From the New York Metro Constitution.
Daniel Goldbaum for Fighting Fire.
It's everybody.
I know I look shocked. sad instead of
shocked. happy.
And that's because I just. I and that
whole table full of talented. award
-winning professionals from my paper.
Vanguard. just got fired by text.
We understand.
Journalism is changing. but it's still
devastating when something like this
happens to you.
Turns out our parent company is taking a
$500 million write -down.
so we're. technical term. toast.
I can't believe they just fired
everyone.
At least that's a good picture of you.
I just feel so terrible for everyone at
the paper.
John's wife's about to have their second
baby.
Allison just bought a house.
Also. it's so unfair. The CEO of the
company that owns the paper just took
$11 million last year.
Make that make sense.
I can't.
But you are going to be okay.
I don't know. though.
Everyone I know has gone through this.
Layoffs. downsides. and consolidation.
It's just brutal.
Anyway.
I know that I'm lucky. I know that a lot
of people have it worse than me. Most
people have it worse than me.
It's just. I'll be fine. I'll be fine.
It is so unfair.
You've worked your ass off for a whole
two decades.
All across the country and the world.
and you never took the easy paycheck.
You never slept with a colleague.
One.
Two.
Anyway. the point is. is that I never
slept with anyone who could promote me.
just the hot. powerless one.
Are you sure?
You don't want to come and work for me
at the gallery?
I need someone who can write decent
copy. And you need a job.
Oh. sweetie.
No. thank you. Not yet.
Don't you want to tell her?
Okay. All right.
Hold on.
You're sure the story's not going to
break tonight?
Pierre says we have a day or two.
Well. that's something.
Don't tell her until tomorrow. then.
No point in spoiling the evening.
Y 'all are doing fine.
All the time.
Every night. all the time.
Only girls are going to my room.
I just wanted to tell you that the story
broke down in line.
Oh. Well. the business of fashion has
already run out.
How bad is it?
A disaster.
It's gone completely viral.
You want to take a look?
Nigel. can I see that? Do I have my
glasses on?
Sorry. Anyway. you're being blamed for
absolutely everything.
Oh. God. Are we just going to slip?
Yes. And the timing couldn't be worse.
I know.
Jenna. let's go play the music.
It's this appalling company called Speed
Fash.
They lied to us about their working
conditions. They tricked our reporter.
So now we are accused of being complicit
in promoting this perfectly horrible
company. The length that some people
will go to to turn a profit.
So now we're the villains. du jour.
Served up red by being hot.
Well. good for you. I say.
Villains are always the most
interesting.
Oh. God. Irv.
Ah. that is my cue to take the dog out
for a walk. Hey. you!
Let's get this done.
Come on. boy.
Hello. Irv. What the hell. Miranda?
Dad.
This is bad.
Even the journalists are out in the
runway.
And all of Elias Clarke is getting
blamed.
Our monkeys. our circus.
I know.
I was going to call back any shred of
credibility.
Check this out.
Yo. Miranda Priestley?
I thought she was smart enough.
At this point. it's like you're not
relevant.
She's a relic. She's a dinosaur.
Oh. my gosh.
I know. Is she watching the finale of
Yellowstone? Don't believe.
Andy Sachs?
Yes? Oh. Rabbit.
Quite a speech you made today.
Oh? Hi.
Looks like you need a job.
I can't even believe I'm thinking about
going back to work at that magazine.
I'll keep telling.
Twice what I made at the Vanguard. and
Irv promised that I would have a real
budget to tell stories and hire real
writers like you guys. so I don't know.
Hey. no one here is judging you.
I am currently editing a memoir by one
of Paris Hilton's chihuahuas. a sassy
applehead named Chitown. Just to back
up. you can hold on.
Your complete abandonment of your
principles means a lot.
Cheers to that. See you later. man.
You know what you could do? If you took
the job. you could write a book.
The definitive Miranda Priestley.
No. I couldn't do that. An insider's
book about Miranda could be cute. I'm
to text my boss. No. no. no. no. no. Who
do you dare?
50K for it. No. no. really don't do
that. No. no. no. no. I will never get
again by anyone. She has a point.
Some whiny girl complaining about her
boss.
Okay. he said a well -written proposal.
and we all know you do write well. could
get you something like 100K. No. I'm
sorry.
No. I'm just not that person. I'm not.
Maybe I can make something of this job.
Runway does have a history of publishing
great writing. No. I'm going to walk in
there tomorrow with a big smile on my
face. and I'm going to make something of
this job.
Okay?
Don't worry. I said to be ready at 9.
Irv.
And you know who demanded we be
crosstown at 9 .15. so how do we do
We don't have time for this.
What does he mean. I fixed it? I have no
idea.
Your 9 a .m. is here.
Hello?
Miranda?
Nigel? What would TJ Maxx drag down?
Hello. sex. Hello.
Thank you so much for this opportunity.
I've got to admit. I was really
surprised when Herb called. I mean. a
time has gone by. but I'm just... I'm so
happy for the chance to... Sorry.
Who is this? Do you know her? Do I know
her? You might remember Andy.
She was one of the Emilys. One of what?
The Emily from... Mandy's back.
A smart. fat girl.
I was one of your assistants eons ago.
Maybe Herb didn't fill you in. And Herb
sent you here to... To...
Run the features department.
Be the features editor.
He hired me last night.
He didn't tell you?
So he said that we need to. I mean.
Runway needs
to take control of the narrative of the
Speedpass story and restore credibility.
And he thought someone with my expertise
would be a good idea. But I...
thought that for sure you had approved
and were excited and that's why i came
here all like oh amari
yes get ashley on the phone hi
good morning miranda yes actually flag
on the play we don't need you
this morning or ever so pack up your
things and uh ain't far we'll be able to
see you shortly
Happy? You just caught Cornell's
philicum laude. her job.
First in her family to go to college. I
believe.
Anyway. come along.
Come on.
You should get that looked at.
The injury or condition or whatever that
causes you to trudge.
Oh. I was thinking that when we get back
to the offices. we could sit down and
go through some of your priorities. I
could share some of my insights with the
editorial director of the magazine.
First. though. we need to appease an
important advertiser. Is that where
going? Yes. They're furious about
Speedfash.
what they're going to extract from me.
Free ad space. targeted editorial.
Or cornea.
Luckily. though. I'm not worried.
Because I have you flown in from on high
to help redirect a century
-old institution with the benefit of
your infinite wisdom and what? Oh.
expertise.
Dior comes to 16 % of our design
percent.
And our leading sponsors of all our
special events. which ain't cheap. Okay.
got this. We'll be at the top.
Am I having a hallucination?
Emily. hi.
You also know her?
Well. we were at runway at the same
time. Miranda.
Really?
When was I?
Right.
Um. shall we?
Miss Charlton. you're glowing.
It seems retail still suits you. Ah.
Nigel. you're hanging in there by your
fingernails. Remember when magazines
were a thing?
All right. come on in. everybody.
Take a seat.
Lots to discuss.
Mm -hmm.
Um. where would you like to start?
Okay. so. um. I am the new Patriots
editor at Runway. No. you're not.
Are you serious?
Wow.
One does never see.
No. I'm actually a journalist now.
I've been published in... It doesn't
matter. Anyway. we are all well aware
running that story was a mistake and are
taking immediate steps. I cannot
actually get over this.
It's really remarkable.
A senior editor at Runway.
You. Yep.
We're all so thrilled.
You know what's funny is you've changed.
You have. You're much more confident.
Kept those eyebrows though. didn't you?
Right. Miranda.
How are you? I mean. what a shambles.
I've had to unruffle so many feathers.
Because as you know. our association
with Runway and with you is predicated
your sterling reputation.
Momentary lab.
And we're doing everything we can to
make it right with you. Good. I was
shocked reading it. Though I'm sure it's
also important that we have editorial
freedom. We have to maintain our
journalistic integrity.
Integrity. I see. La -di -da. Andy.
Very high -minded of you. Well. please
help yourself to standards galore. But
there are no advertisers. there's no
runway.
No us. no you.
And we understand that completely.
Oh. good.
I think...
As a consequence of your lapse in
judgment. there's just a few things we'd
like. Just move it all over.
We are thinking at least three pages of
advertising credit and a feature on the
opening of our new flagship.
Six pages.
Three. No. five.
I'm sorry. are we at the fish market.
Nigel? It's five. with brand mentions in
all captions.
Miranda?
Absolutely. We'll get right on that
immediately.
Cool.
I'm confused. You just let them tell you
what to do?
Because if I'm here to restore your
credibility... Did you not hear her?
No them. no us.
We need our advertisers. Andrea.
The September issue is already so thin.
you can floss with it.
Advertisers are important.
I know that. I'm not brand new. But
let's be clear.
You did not earn this job. I did not
hire you. You are a CEO's latest whim.
And all I need to do is to bide my time
until you fail.
And you will.
Fail.
Hi. Hi. We weren't properly introduced
yesterday. I'm Andy Sack. Charlie.
I'm the second assistant.
Hi. Charlie. Hey.
Everybody just calls me Charlie with a
chair. if you want. because Amari won't
want to be my dad.
Oh. no. it's okay.
A million girls are killed for this job.
Heard that.
Is Miranda there? You are.
There you are. Hi.
I'm on time.
So. you're the kind of person who thinks
on time is on time.
Okay. got it. All right. come on. I'll
take you to your office.
Amari. I need to pee.
Please. I had a venti.
Oh.
Was it worth it?
No. Actually. I should probably talk to
Miranda first. Oh. I'll take you to her
office.
Good luck. Charlie.
Thanks.
So. I used to have your job.
I had. It's such a remarkable fact.
Yeah. back in 2006.
That's good if I was fashion week.
Wore a bunch of pieces from the Chanel
collection that year.
Oh. wait. the one with the page boy hat?
And the thigh high boots. Oh. yeah.
You still have a little bit?
No. I gave it away.
What? Would have been a bit much for a
newsroom.
And this is Ashley's office?
No. Miranda wants you to have this one
for some reason. For some reason. right?
You get the wish.
I stole these for you.
All from this season.
But lie about where you got them.
There's more where that came from. But
you can't be greedy.
Cafeteria? Great. All the time. Come on.
I don't mind that place. huh?
Is it?
Margella.
Directed and in profile.
Eleven bucks.
Everything or two awesome out here.
babe?
Not bad.
Babe.
Ah. babe.
Winding road that brings us back to me.
Watching you little goo into a bowl.
It's so good to see you. Nigel.
I used to get four weeks in Africa with
Avedon to do a
glossy spread. and now I'm lucky if I
get two days at Milk Studios.
To shoot content that people scroll past
whilst they...
So. Yep.
Is it just me?
Or has Miranda been extra specific?
You see her outside of Dior and thought
her head was going to spin completely
around. She's on edge because Irv is
about to promote her to global head of
content. No. wait. that's a huge job.
But the problem is...
Speed fashion debacle might derail the
whole thing. What you're saying is she
needs me.
Oh. you're furious.
Sorry.
Are you Andy? Yes. Hi. I'm Jen Chow. I'm
your new assistant.
Oh. I was wondering about that. Nice to
meet you.
I was an intern this morning. but when a
desk opens up. the interns get a chance
to interview.
Guess what?
Nobody wanted to work in your department
because it's not actual fashion.
So I just like got it. Isn't that cool?
Very. You don't want me.
I didn't say that. If you don't want me.
you can interview someone else. That's
totally fine. I don't want to go to Yale
3 .8. So GPA leaves the print of the
whiff and poof. So my ACC's world is 36
on the very first try. No. you seem
great. I'm happy to have you. Great.
Okay. great. Okay.
So listen. I'm going to be working late
tonight. So I'm just going to need a
couple things.
First. I just... Is Miranda hanging up
her own coat?
Yeah. I heard there were some HR
complaints.
Apparently she used it just to throw her
comb at people.
Maybe
something's
broken.
Anyway. yeah. working late tonight.
You don't have to wait for the book. are
you?
Oh. yeah.
She likes hard copies.
No.
Can I give you something to bring home
to her?
Of course. I'll have it over.
Thank you.
Oh. when you go to her house. no matter
what anyone tells you. don't go up the
stairs.
Never.
Who'd be stupid enough to do that?
No one.
Vanessa Friedman in the Times says that
Andy's story is a bracing mea culpa.
Yeah. but anyone besides culture writers
actually click on the story. Not
really. but optics -wise. saved our
bacon. right?
We'll see.
Are we still out?
I read your piece. It was really good.
Oh. thank you.
Oh. that was a cool profile.
Oh. yeah.
The Barnes piece.
Obviously. it was from before their
split.
Yeah. I love Sasha Barnes. I know.
I've tried to get an interview with her.
like. a million times. but I've always
struck out. Oh. you're not the only one.
Really?
Miranda would kill.
Now that their divorce has made Sasha
one of the richest women in the world.
Interesting.
I feel like I could write a book about
just his before and after. You know what
I mean? Like. the original Benji Barnes
is like that.
globe -shouldered nerd who's like never
seen the inside of a weight room.
Lately. there was a picture of him the
other day. A few steroids. a minute of
Sculptra. um. as I beg. and voila!
He's a modern miracle.
It's a modern miracle.
Kind of love a glove.
It's compelling.
Hooray! What? Oh!
We took some vintage Nuclears and
Westwoods and we shot them downtown in
Washington News.
And you were there when these images
were taken?
Yes. I was.
So the intention was dull and listless.
I wouldn't say that was the goal.
When the models were encouraged to mill
around like starving goats in the
parking lot of a methadone clinic in the
Jurassic.
Well.
What am I not allowed to say?
Methadone? New Jersey.
Anyway. This was our first time using
this photographer so we can do a
Just. you know. fix it.
So. well. Marta. what do you have
cooking? We're seeing a lot of Gorkor
year's resort.
So I was thinking of doing an
interactive piece on the app where you
national park and then you choose a
hiking shoe and a bum bag.
Bum bag. may my suicide be brief and
painless.
No. no. What?
What do you mean. no. no? I'm not
talking about killing other people.
Yet?
Okay. fine.
Uh. who else?
Lana. what do you have? The re -report
of the SpeedFast story went over well.
Media critics responded to our candor
and to us taking responsibility.
Right.
But did anyone read the piece?
I don't know.
No. I don't have the metric on that one.
Mm -mm.
See. you are here to write and edit
features that people read.
And when that happens. yes. you may
interrupt the meeting.
But until then... Mm -mm.
Let's talk about rodeo bow ties.
This one's cute.
That was kind of rough.
I mean. I just feared it through a
crisis. Is it so hard to acknowledge
Oh. yes. The girl likes validation.
Did your parents hang all of your finger
paintings up on the fridge? No. it's
not that. I don't need a pat on the
head.
I need to know what she wants.
All right. I need constructive feedback.
Oh. feedback.
And a lollipop? Or just feedback?
Did you need this job?
Did you take the job?
So figure out a way to do this job.
Bye. Bye.
Yes. dear.
Oh. that's far too pink. and we are
subtle. We're not Valentino. you know
mean? Is this the top I sent you?
Tulip whisper.
There's the one.
No. I don't know.
I don't know about that.
Oh. there she is.
Is this all you? It is. It's impressive.
You are very busy.
Thank you for your time. The thinking is
that we will cover the new flagship.
and your role in putting it together.
Is that Miranda's idea?
It was mine.
Fine. If that's what you think is best.
then that's fine.
Okay. great. Mind you give me a tour?
Okay. will do.
Ken. it is not a whisper. It's a cry for
help.
This. of course. is a tribute to the
Grand Staircase. It's the original Dior
Atelier on Avenue Montaigne.
This is incredible.
I know.
And the carpet?
I'm not at liberty to discuss that.
Andy. but it is whopping.
What? What is that sickening look?
It's nice to see you all. Bronner.
Dewey. you used to make that face.
Because you were always so irritated.
you were a barrel of fun.
No. hey. hey. hey.
Listen. Ow. it's nice to see you again.
Catch me up. Who are you now? No. Like.
not for this.
Just human to human.
Fine. I am divorced from a pathological
narcissist. Thank God. But I've got two
beautiful children.
Bronwyn of Rourke. one of Collegiate.
one of Chapin.
Good for you.
I know. Gorgeous. right? Yeah.
You?
I mean...
Left New York for 15 years. just lived
everywhere. chasing stories.
And I'm not married. never found the
right person.
And my kids are at a doctor's office on
85th.
They've heard the name right now. but I
like to think that it's my little one.
Okay.
why did you leave runway?
I'm sorry. is this an excursion?
No. it's just a question. Well.
I mean. you worshipped that place and
Miranda. so why'd you leave? Why are you
even asking me why?
I mean. up a curve around this place.
luxury retail is the only sector of the
fashion business that still makes money.
That's it.
Retail. Everything else. Forget it. So
yes. happy to be here. frankly.
Because you know that 20 years ago. a
$100 handbag was considered a smudge.
Brands like us. we changed all that.
Use logos and branding because everyone
understands. everyone gets it. that your
bag. your scarf. your perfume. your
umbrella. write this down. It tells the
world who you are.
What you care about.
And now. there's housewives in Banff who
wouldn't dream of going out without one
of our $3 .000 tokens.
And that's a good thing. I don't know.
is it a bad thing to bring beauty and
design to everyone? Everyone who has $3
.000.
Have you heard of Christmas?
Anyway. don't you worry about me and my
career. Worry about yourself.
Haven't seen any of your stories get any
traction.
Nothing moving the needle there.
What does Miranda say about it?
She picked up on you.
Yes. sir.
Yes. I am looking at the numbers.
Okay.
That sounds like a warm bath.
It's as if he forgets he hired her.
His hire. My problem.
Did he say anything at all about the
global editorial job?
No. he's gone numb about all that.
I've had my career trying to figure out
what people need to know. Now I need to
figure out what people want to click on.
It's just... Maybe you just have to
figure out how to do those things at the
same time. You know. like the smart
stuff and the fun stuff.
Oh. my God.
Is it? Hi.
Would you like a... No. not going to.
Sit.
Irv called. frustrated.
Your pieces are not breaking through.
Yeah. no. but I do have to say that I
think that some of these pieces are
worthwhile. Worth whose while?
I mean. that you want to turn new
readers on to runway. that's great.
But maybe you don't want to turn off the
ones we already have?
Yeah. I didn't want to.
But we do have some important work
coming up.
I'm doing a Sasha Barnes profile.
Have an interview?
That?
Uh. close.
I'm just blocking in the details. but I
have an in. Hmm.
Pastor Barnes hasn't done press in three
years.
Bit of a holy grail interview -wise.
That's what makes it so exciting.
But what's your in?
Oh.
I don't have one.
Here we go.
No. it's... Even back then. they were
just so insanely rich.
And just so I'm clear. you have no way
to get to Sasha. but you told Miranda
that you do? Correct.
That's standing a little close to the
fire. no?
I am the fire.
Oh.
yeah. yeah. I know this place. This is
the Cecily Brown.
It sold for over 600K back in 2009.
Okay. Do you know who sold it to them?
Yeah. probably my friend Paula. She's
Cecily's biggest dealer.
Can she get me Sasha's number? Maybe.
Maybe call Paula.
Can you go faster?
I've got you. I know. okay.
Paula said you might be able to get me a
number for Sasha Barnes.
Uh -huh.
You can.
Dog trainer?
I'll take it. I just want to ask her
some questions.
Yes. no. I promise I won't get back to
you.
Thank you.
Sasha.
Hi. Annie Sachs from Runway again.
Would love to talk when you have a sex.
so call me anytime.
Anytime. I'm always touching my phone.
Sorry. I am so focused on getting this
story. No worries. About Sasha H's
messages and everything. Everyone she
knows. anyone I've ever met.
Love that for you.
Sorry. where is this one? Right here.
Really? What?
Star on Zillow.
Isn't she gorgeous?
Anyway. even if I loved it. I can't
afford that. Sure you can. You're making
double your own salary.
For how long?
Come on. let's just go take a sneak peek
at a model unit. okay?
I just want you to have the apartment
you deserve.
I mean. you gotta admit.
Yeah. it's not bad.
I bet you wouldn't have to bang on the
faucet to get running water.
The bar is so low.
I'm gonna go check out the bedroom.
Renovated properties.
Everything that's wrong with our
society.
I totally. yeah. No. no. no. don't get
me wrong. I mean. I don't. I do love
places. It just kind of breaks my heart
when you find a historic building and
then they do. you know. Well. it's
heartbreaking. And the other thing is.
know. I didn't. this is me. this is my
building.
It's fine. it's fine. No. okay.
Hi. Hello. I'm a jerk.
I'm Peter. Andy. Nice to meet you. I
don't want you to think that I'm like a
greedy.
Because I'm not. I'm a contractor.
So I just found the building and I
cobbled together a bunch of rich old
who were. you know. awful. disgusting.
heartbreaking people. And they bought
And I got to work on it. And. you know.
they gave me a little slice of that.
Also. the city was going to knock it
down. It was in bad shape. No. it was.
was in bad shape.
They had rats here. Well. here is your
word. I don't want to play into that
narrative. But there were rats here that
were basically men. Excuse me.
Here you go. Yeah. I'm fine.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Lily. this is... Peter Wolbertson.
Peter. Yeah. Peter. And I gotta... Yes.
gotta go.
I'm so sorry I unheld at your building.
Good luck. Bye.
Bye. Huh.
Huh. You two were having a moment.
I think so.
What's your story?
My story?
Single? Yeah. Why?
Uh. well... Divorce?
Yes. Kids?
No. Do you have a card? Yep. yep. yep.
There you go.
I'll be checking your socials. Okay.
Where is she? Why?
Where is she?
Okay. I'll look.
We were thinking about Victorian and
Edwardian dress and
the incredible undergarments and how
they exaggerate and enhance a woman's
figure.
You hate the bow. I don't like the bow.
Michael. I told you she hates the bow. I
got the holy grail.
grant an interview now?
I didn't intend to live a public life.
I got my PhD. taught anthropology. while
Benji was tinkering with code.
I had no idea that would. you know. put
me on a rocket ship into this hall of
mirrors to make the couple members.
But here I am. this estate. this art
collection. and my goal is. well.
actually. my obligation is to eventually
give everything I have away.
Well. we're very grateful you chose to
sit down with us.
Lately. I've noticed what you've been
doing with your articles. It's more
gravitas and an actual point of view.
You know. you haven't asked me a single
thing about Benji.
Either the original or the 2 .0 version.
Why should you be defined by that
marriage?
He isn't.
You're right. I'm not.
Or will I be defined by my second?
I'm engaged.
I met someone who has his own life and
doesn't give a shit about all this
fanfare around me.
Engagement.
I did not have any idea.
Well. no one does. You're the first.
I mean. I'm not sure why people care.
but they seem to.
Yeah.
You know. go ahead and break the story.
It's my little gift to you.
This is huge.
A fabulous bit of gossip that we are
breaking about an iconic but elusive
woman. Photos are gorgeous. Your article
is great.
My styling is genius.
This is what runway does best.
What if Miranda doesn't like it?
Don't be negative.
Yeah. why would I be negative?
Stop it.
That.
Brilliant. Right?
Yep. So let's just run it as our main
piece. push it out to the
subscribers and pin it on top of the
socials as well. That's great.
you came back i came back good any
apartment still available i think it's
15 or 20. how many you want let's start
with one
i think it's good but i also have the 11
other
stories that i had to post today about
uh coconut water and i have a joke
between you and your lover and enzyme
peel enzyme peel that's wrong what is
what is an enzyme peel Okay. it peels
the skin off your face. It peels that
right off. Wow.
Did we pay for that?
Maybe I should have because of all my
old skin. No. that's completely out. I
feel like I'm done. You're over. But you
still get to do real chances. Please
tell me that you do. You know what was
amazing?
The series you did on the Federal
Reserve.
When you're the vanguard.
You read a four -piece series about the
inner workings of the Federal Reserve
without knowing if you were ever going
to see me again?
I did. And that's weird that I did that.
Now. hearing you say it. that is weird.
I shouldn't have told you that. It's
nice.
It's really nice. I've been in long
-term relationships with guys who've
read anything of mine. so it's very
nice.
That's appalling.
I know. it's crazy. but... I can't help
it.
Part of me does hope that this is a
stint at Runway and that it's a stepping
stone that I get to go back and do
really powerful things and. you know.
for a paper or a serious -minded
magazine or write a book. Book?
Did you get a book in you?
I actually have an offer for a book.
That's awesome.
My friend wants me to write a book about
someone famous.
Oh. Okay? But she wants...
The trashy tabloid version.
But I would want to make it good.
I think I could make it good. You made
the federal reserve sexy.
I'm sure you'd be fine with a celebrity
person.
And then you'd be on a date with an
author.
Because that's what they do.
I mean. it's a date.
Does talking about it make it less of a
date? Talking about it makes it more of
a date. We have more of a date. More of
a date than we previously were. I like
being on more of a date. Come on.
Tully. I'm not interested in doing the
tabloid version. It would have to be
elevated and rigorous. Would that be
something you're...
Editor would be interested in.
Wait. are you kidding me? No. he's not.
All right.
Okay.
I'm going to send over a few pages and a
proposal.
Andy. are you for real on this? Because.
like. this would really help me at the
company. You better not be messing with
me on this. all right?
Because. oh. my God. I'm so excited.
What are we going to do at the book
party?
You know. please keep this to yourself.
okay? Thank you. Bye.
So I got a text that Miranda wants to
see me this Saturday.
Mm -hmm. At her house. ma 'am? Yeah.
she's hugging people there for the
Wait. I'm people? What?
Perhaps I've requested you. Hello? Irv's
going to be there?
Johnny. what did we say about laughing?
Stella! Hi.
Can I have one. Charlie?
Just three.
No. not.
I don't own anything for the Hamptons. I
don't Hampton. I've never Hamptoned.
Tom. I once put together a whole suite
of summer looks for RBG. and she slayed
it.
Okay. so. a weekend in the Hamptons? I
mean. does this mean I'm in?
No. When can I relax?
Um.
I'd say coffin.
I am not equipped for that.
Okay. here's what you need.
Fendi. we need that.
The Brunella Cucinelli pants. we love
those.
And. oh. yes. Gabriella Hearst.
Gorgeous. gorgeous.
And custom Kelly.
What about this?
No. This is quiet luxury.
Luxury that is so quiet you need an ear
trumpet.
Okay. You definitely need an embroidered
two -piece totem set. but not the
terracotta because you're so pale.
Let's go with the ivory.
Okay. Now. remember. all this. just
alone.
Got it? I need every single bit back by
Monday. Okay.
No. that is not quiet. That is like a
screaming guitar solo. Sorry. That is so
pretty. Yes. it is. but it's
inappropriate for this occasion. Sorry.
Not a stain.
Not even a hint of a stain.
Nothing. I mean nothing.
You're not a kid anymore.
Oh. God.
Hello. you must be Andy. Hi. you're
Stuart Simmons. I am. let me take that.
nice to meet you. And you.
I'm a big fan of your quartet.
Really? Since yesterday when I found out
I'd be meeting you and I'm looking you
on Spotify. Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm not. It was wonderful. You are very
kind. And that is a terrific dress. Oh.
thank you. I want you to meet two of my
favorite people. Suleyka and John.
I saw your symphony at Carnegie Hall. It
was extraordinary. Yes. for sure. Hi.
Oh. hi. Hi. I know. I saw the piece.
Thank you very much. Yeah.
Hi. Yes. me. Tell.
Yeah. Yeah.
Hello. How are you doing?
It was a great series. Oh. I appreciate
it. Thank you.
It was a thrill to be in New York. Jenna
Bush. Hey. girl. Hi. how are you? Nice
to meet you. Very nice to meet you.
Quite an interview.
Highest engagement of any runway story
in eight years.
Tommy Adeyemi and Ronnie Chang. You
should know Tina Brown. Tina. this is
Your piece.
Incredible.
Viral. I'm getting alerts every ten
seconds.
I don't have enough roses.
Thank you so much for inviting me. It's
such a wonderful crowd.
I just talked to Irv.
You know that dance party Elias Clarke's
throwing for his 75th?
That's where he's gonna make the
announcement about my new role.
I'm going to be global head of content
across all Elias Clarke publications.
Wow. that is. wow.
You know. he's been holding it over my
head for so long.
I don't know why I'm telling you this.
but I thought it would never happen.
Congratulations.
You deserve it.
And he's talking about giving the
features department bigger budget.
No. Yeah?
Really? Which means. maybe. we'll have
to look for a more respectable office
you. Well. that would be great. Mm -hmm.
I always knew that you would end up
doing something great.
I forgot I existed.
Right. Oh.
Before that.
So it's a lot. I like a lot. You do?
Yeah. Okay. I'm just going to come out.
Yeah. just come out. It's a lot.
Well. I mean. if this is what you call a
lot. I like it a lot.
Like. a lot.
Thank you. Like. I don't think we should
go to the thing at all.
Okay. this is a critical work party. He
likes his sort of thing.
Everything that's wrong with the baby.
yeah.
Okay. so now. is that Hugh Jackman?
That is Hugh Jackman. I should also
know. I should know. I'm not sure.
Do you know him? Well. no. but if
Australians have to hide from each
becomes a hot thing. I'll just say.
that's my g'day. G'day. G'day. Okay.
Boy. we're just not going to need our
neck.
Oh. it's not.
It's so crazy.
It's true. It's a new trachea
technology. It's trachea elimination.
I like my neck. It's useful.
You can throw it in your tie collection.
That's for sure. You believe that?
Emily is dating.
Mm -hmm.
Yep.
Benji Barnes. no less. Look at him.
I thought he smitten.
Just awesome. No neck.
That's going to be us in space.
She is every girl who never talked to
him in high school.
No. just really stick them out. I don't
like the beard.
You know it.
All the girls.
Let's go say happy birthday to Irv.
What's up?
Hello.
Sorry. sorry.
These parties were so much better when I
was drinking.
Not for me.
Here's the birthday boy.
So.
Irv is about to announce Miranda's new
position.
Right now?
At the end of his speech.
Here you are.
Thank you very much. You know what I
gotta say?
I'm impressed the way you got past what
happened between you and her.
What do you mean?
The parents.
When she gave the job. you wanted to
shut clean. Oh. 20 years ago.
She's done versions of that to me a
million times since then.
But. here I am.
By her side.
Or to the side.
You know. a few steps behind.
And you'd rather be out front?
Maybe you should tell her what you want.
What. like you do?
Like everyone else does?
Benji. I want you to meet some of the
people I work with at Runway. This is
Nigel Kidding.
Nigel. Pleasure.
And that's Andy's... Something like
that. Oh. Andy.
Sacks. Sacks.
Hey.
are you the gal who wrote that piece the
wrong way about my gal. Emily?
Yes. I am. Oh my God. I gotta thank you.
Really? That was so intriguing to me.
The writing?
Photos. The photos were so good. Right?
Yeah.
A day like today really puts things in
perspective. how fast time moves. how we
got to focus on what's important and
priority.
My father loved runway. you know. And he
did.
So did your grandfather.
Yeah. He hired me. you know.
And when he passed everything over to
Irv.
Yeah. We were the same age. We worked so
closely. Yeah. right.
Now it's me and you.
And I look forward to carrying that
football into the end zone together.
The end zone.
Beautifully put.
I can't believe this is happening.
It's terribly sad. It's very sad.
Somehow Dolce addressed everyone here.
This entire funeral is their full 26th.
I mean. they must have driven to
everyone's houses. flinging out
doubt. Bloody Domenico.
So sly.
He'll do anything to get back at me
since I put Kendall in the finale of 24.
Isn't she the greatest? She's been
chomping at the bit for vengeance.
Yeah. Over Kendall.
Can't believe there's someone named
Kendall.
What's Jay going to do? Do you know?
Do we have any idea what he's going to
do with runway? No. no. I have no idea.
But I mean. you see the man.
Not exactly a fashion icon.
Dressed head to toe in performance
synthetics.
Throw a match at him and he'll go up
like a Christmas tree in March.
We're going to be okay. right?
Runway's still valuable. right? I mean.
even without her. they know that. right?
Sorry. so aggressively rhetorical.
You know. I have no idea. We're just
going to have to soldier on.
Runway Italy helped establish Milan as
one of fashion's most important bases of
operation. which is why we can own this.
the Brera Academy.
We're going to have a custom runway that
will be for fashion as well as musical
acts. The whole evening is going to kick
off with one of Miranda's trademark
speeches. This one will be about the
intermingling of runway and Italian
couture. I'm almost finished with the
speech. by the way. It will be in your
inbox by the end of the week. Yes.
Marta. Yeah. this thing with Irv dying
all that.
When do we find out if things are
changing? Yeah. what's Jay's plan for
magazine? Is he taking over?
Does he even like fashion? I mean. he
wears Ricard Noir.
I'd like to talk about the looks that
we're going to feature in the Bramwell
Academy show.
Some of the bodies are very interesting.
very body negative.
No. don't tell me. I know this.
Body positive.
but why really when you think oh my god
he's here
always
love
your office can't get views like this
anymore
I remember you coming to the offices as
a kid with your father and your little
lacrosse stick tossing that ball up all
around.
I broke a vase.
Did you?
I don't remember.
Anyway. sorry it took me a while to stop
by or call you back.
We barely noticed.
But now I'm ready to get ducks in rows.
kick some concepts around with you.
check boxes.
Lunch?
No. Bad time.
You slammed?
No. not at all. I'll just get someone to
make a reservation.
Oh. cafeteria's fine.
I have a couple calls that I should
return anyway.
Um. I will see you there in ten.
Amari?
Yes? We have a cafeteria?
Oh. yes.
Really?
Julia. She's never even been to that
floor.
It's frozen again.
Be back in 20 minutes.
Hey.
What's good here?
Um. all the... things.
You know what?
Before we eat. Why don't I introduce you
to some of the guys?
People. Tell them the people.
Didn't mean to bring all these folks on
you at once.
Yeah. These are just some consultants
that I brought in for the restructure.
The best guys.
People. The best people.
They'll be weighing in on our
organizational alignment. operational
financial architecture. digital
transformation.
user experience. everything.
Everything. Sandeep. you want to fill
Ms. Priestley in on our concept?
Absolutely. Sandeep Kapoor. Harvard MBA.
Not important.
You know. at our offices. we call you
Miranda Beastly because you're a beast
the game.
And unfortunately. right now what's
happening is that beast is leashed. And
need to let that beast free. Let it
roam.
Undertakers.
No. what?
Management consultants.
Like I said.
McKenzie to my eyes.
Cute.
Anyone want Froyo?
What? What?
Back in here.
Why won't you run this television again?
It's a national emergency.
It went on for an hour.
Miranda in the middle of that circle of
students?
I have no idea what was agreed to.
They're going to cut pictures first.
They always cut the writing first. Look.
look.
Miranda is resourceful. all right?
Whatever this new situation is. she'll
way. Trust me. she's always had a step
ahead.
You know. this whole thing of having an
actual job. it's been. like. great. you
know? Yeah. I know.
Hi. Hi. I need to talk to you right now.
Okay. Okay.
You know. you said that you wanted to
know about what Miranda and Jay were
talking about in the cafeteria.
Yeah. So?
What is that?
When I was getting Froyo. I dropped my
phone on the floor. and I put my phone
under her chair. and it was recording
the whole time.
She knows.
Yeah. What?
Yep. yep. yep.
You're such a badass.
Yeah. I know.
We took a look at your budget and have
some immediate ideas for scale -downs.
Show the market that we are ready to
crank that EBITDA.
You don't want to know.
I was kidding.
What is it? Spell it.
They're cutting everything.
Features reduced to nothing.
Fashion and beauty decimated. cuts
across all departments. and anyone who's
here for longer than five years is too
expensive an article.
I'm sorry.
That makes sense.
You know what she said?
No.
Engulfing.
Nigel.
I think I like the bag crossbody.
That's what I think.
Another publication.
Deleted.
I'm sorry. Andy. It sucks.
It sucks.
That's where it's all going. you know.
It's happening all over. It's
pharmacies. It's bookstores. It's you
It's all being downsized.
It's all consolidating. No. I just can't
accept that. We can't just keep sucking
the soul out of everything.
Gutting it and then repackaging it. To
what end?
But it's... We're replacing it. You
know. you've basically just described
I've done with this building.
We're not talking about you right now.
We're talking... Also. like. journalism
matters more than luxury apartments.
That's true.
I'm sorry. I'm just... Such a
spectacularly helpful conversation.
it not?
No.
I'm going to give you a minute.
Hey. I know you've got to go to Italy.
but if you want to catch up with your
back. I'd like it.
It's up to you.
Andy? Yes.
You alright?
Can I come in? Sure. absolutely.
Wasn't expecting you. I suppose.
Sorry to bother you. I just. um. need
a... Catch your breath. please.
Okay. yeah.
Um. is she here?
Yeah. she's...
bother you. I just need to talk.
Talk? So. uh. I just need to. I just
need to. you have a plan. right? A
plan like. like you did. I can't hear
you. Don't you have people you can call?
I just. I just don't want everyone to
lose their jobs. Please. Miranda. we
been doing such great work lately.
We're attracting great writers and
people care about the magazine again. I
this job has let me hope again for the
future. for our future. my future. I
might be able to increase an egg.
Go home.
But I... It's late. Do not concern
yourself with this.
So. Milano. Nigel. you're saying that
some new directives have come in from on
high?
Budget cut?
Yes. So. regarding Milan. we're cutting
John Legend because he wants us to
ship his piano there and that's too
pricey. So. no music. unless we call him
favor.
No.
She's impossible.
That copper almost killed me. Fine.
No music.
Not at all. No music. Okay. fine. I'll
call her. Thank you. Now. there are a
new policies across the board.
The first one is no more private cars.
Uber only.
And. as for the flight...
Good afternoon. ladies and gentlemen.
and welcome aboard United Airlines
19 with service to Moana. Georgia. We'll
be coming by with champagne for our
flight. If you're seated in economy. we
do have a flight for you.
What is wrong with Miranda?
Why is she putting up with this?
Excuse me. Excuse me?
Uh. Ms. Creasy would like a glass of
your finest champagne.
I'm sorry. that's not served in the
cabin.
They have snack boxes.
A snack box?
Like.
um...
What are you doing?
Uh. got hypnotized.
Then she's wearing a very nice necklace.
Yes. I'm not surprised.
Last week I bought her a Monet.
And a Clint.
Really? Oh. yeah.
Come on.
Ah.
pronto.
Pronto. si. pronto.
Um. posso avere...
Il numero di camera.
Yes. I need to remember.
Mommy. Mark said he wants the eggplant
from Miss Madeline. but it was my idea
go there.
Oh. Bunny. what do we do when we get a
bit wobbly? We. that's right. breathe
Breathe in. Hold.
And breathe out. Don't forget to do the
tap -y -tap. tap -y -tap. It's all the
way. There we are. Is that better?
Uh -huh. Okay. my love. now listen. Can
you go get Daddy? All right. love ya.
I'm in Milan. and as you can see. I'm
stretched thinner than a pair of Spanx.
can you just try parenting?
Go to Miss Madeline and get in the
bloody eclair. I can't do anything. You
Italy? I'm here.
So...
May
the bridges I burn light my way.
Do you have a sec?
Hello.
Look at us. Up before dawn.
I just went for a stroll. What are you
doing?
Me? Where are you going?
Como.
Yeah. I'm doing that story on the
winery. Oh. right. right. That's cute.
Dinner tonight?
I've always seen the Tom Ford at the
Giacomo. No gossip. sir.
Okay. great. I'll thank you. Okay. Okay.
Come on.
So how long have you had a place here?
Me? Oh. God.
I don't know.
Anything.
Oh. no. no. No.
thanks. Ciao.
Not having anything?
No. I'm not doing water these days.
Trying to operate at an aqua deficit.
It's poison. It's not poison.
It is poison.
So. do you think we can pull this off?
Depends on what he's asking. Oh. come
on. Beebe. You can persuade anyone of
anything. You know that. That's true. I
did persuade this one to go on a date
with me.
We're all about ear hair. Oh. my God.
please.
And if you had seen me before I met this
one. I had ear hair. So much hair
growing out of it.
Got me that little buzzer.
Yeah. and then a lawnmower.
Can you imagine?
A lawnmower in my chat. I just like him
like a bar of clothes.
That's right.
Oh. there he is.
Jake!
Real quick.
You want to tell me quick. you can tell
me quick.
Jake! You want to tell me slow. you can
tell me slow.
Did you not see us? Not at all.
Lovely. How was your rehearsal?
Oh. you know. I just heard a room
service.
Oh. yeah? Yeah. I love my bacalao
mantecato here. Yum. Yeah. It's so good.
They don't have that here.
That's a Venetian dish. not Milanese.
Tell me the truth. What's going on?
You're skulking. I know a skulk when I
see a skulk.
Tell me.
Morning. I can't do this class.
Ready?
Obviously. security is going to be very
intense.
And we have hired extensive rotazione
for the art.
Grazie. Okay. everybody. I'd like to run
through the dinner for the client.
So. we have a U -shaped table.
That's the head up there.
It's going to end around here somewhere.
About 40 people.
And we're going to take the brands and
we're going to... You know much about
Last Supper?
Painting this particular scene is
nothing new.
You can find frescoes and themes.
subject matter. all over Europe.
In the other version. the man in charge
is usually depicted with a halo.
People think that it was da Vinci's way
of saying. we are human.
No one is perfect.
Humans are once glorious and fallible.
And inevitably. we deceive and betray
one another. let each other down.
Oh. it's what we're built to do.
Would you agree?
What's Andy doing? What's Andy doing?
Can I help you? Miranda knows. What?
What do you mean she knows? She knows.
Did you laugh? No.
But I don't know. She's made it
terrifyingly clear to me she is aware
is up. And I know that's right.
We're just doing this to help her. but I
just honestly can't with the secrets
anymore. so I think we just. like. we
should tell her. No. we will wait until
is done.
Please. Amy. bye.
Focus.
We need to tell Miranda. We need to tell
her now.
I think you're a little bit sick.
I'm so nervous. I can't breathe.
My neck is hurting. My God. just find a
feeling for once. please.
Oh.
The Emily.
Thought you were Amari.
Waiting for my Armani.
She's been human trafficked.
Oh. Uh. Jay sprung for the big suite.
Yeah. No.
It's a little snug. but. you know. I'll
manage. How can I help you two?
Um. okay.
Miranda. what Jay wants to do with
Runway. scaling it so far back that it
doesn't even resemble what it used to
be. cutting my department. Nigel. and
of his department. How do you know about
that?
Look. we all know how important Runway
is and has been. Yeah. I mean. Runway is
practically a religion. and...
It needs to be protected.
So I think. you know. the question is.
who has the means to acquire it?
Will you two please edit it out already?
Um. Benji's buying Runway. Benji?
Benji Barnes?
My Benji made Jay Rabbit's an offer and
Jay readily accepted.
And you had a part in this? Yes. we're
doing it to protect Runway and you.
You'll be editor -in -chief for as long
as you want to be. Wow. I'm sorry. I...
I know we've had our differences. but I
just. I never realized that you were
capable of this level of betrayal.
Betrayal? No. Miranda. we're preserving
Runway for you.
Oh. no. no. no. Miss Emily is not
preserving anything for anybody.
Yes. she is. Yes. of course she is.
Emily.
Emily. tell her.
Well. she's right.
Benji's buying runway for me.
So that I can run it. What are you
talking about?
Look. she's had a long run. A historic
run.
But she's exhausted.
And I'm fresher.
And younger.
I want to set taste. not just cater to
them. Why would you do this? She knows
why.
I have no idea.
You pushed me out. didn't you? I did
nothing of the kind. You made Dior hire
to get rid of me. Why? Why did you do
that?
For the same reason that you should
never be in charge of Runway. Emily.
you are beautiful and you're
intelligent. but no.
You don't have what it takes.
I'm sorry. but you're not a visionary.
You're a vendor.
You don't know that.
You don't know the first thing about me.
You'll never chance you. Oh. I think I
do. and I also think deep down.
Well. Benji's lawyers. they will be in
touch with all the details.
I had no idea. I'm so sorry.
I just felt I had to do something.
I hope that's not what you're wearing to
the dinner.
Hey. what's up? How are you?
Oh my god. Andy. These pages you sent?
My boss is freaking out. These are
perfect.
Oh. Uh. so about that. um. I don't...
There's so much promise here. I'm
you an offer and a contract.
And Andy. it's not 50.
It's not 100.
It's 350.
It's 350!
No. No? What do you mean no? Don't you
mean. like... Hooray! This book. it
harm Miranda.
I don't... Which is fine. because she's
atrocious.
It's more complicated than that.
Okay. Stockholm call. They want their
syndrome back.
I... Can I call you back later?
Okay. thanks for letting me know.
All the boys want to go to Mars.
Mars?
Let's go to that big orange star that we
call the sun.
Totally unexplored. We've been looking
at it for centuries.
I'm going to build a little rocket. I'm
going to call it the Icarus. Icarus did
fly too close to the sun. He did fly too
close to the sun. And he fried.
You're making the point. aren't you?
It's like an irony.
What's going on?
You look like a nervous cat.
Compliment? No.
I don't know. Why not?
I'm so sorry.
I'm ready to make an announcement
whenever you're ready.
Oh. we're not closed yet. Still ironing
out some of the details.
Oh. I see.
generous what you're doing for Emily.
I know she has many plans.
but I do hope that some runway
traditions are allowed to remain.
Who knows?
The world is changing so fast sometimes
that even I can't comprehend it. It's
all tradition.
I think a day is coming. perhaps very
soon. where...
You know. Runway won't need models or
locations or even designers.
It'll all just. you know. be AI.
Surely some things will stay the same. A
commitment to beauty.
Artistry.
The best in human achievement.
Maybe. Maybe.
We're in an ancient city that was once
part of one of the greatest empires that
the world has ever known.
Now there's just little traces of it
left.
The world is about change. That's what
human beings don't understand.
The future just comes roughing at us
like the lava of Pompeii.
Our job is to just let it take what it
wants to take.
One day it's going to come and it's
going to smother us all.
Maybe that's the way it has to be.
Sorry. I should know those flights from
Copenhagen are always delayed.
Hey. hey. hey. what's wrong?
And if I leave. what happens?
What will I have?
What do you have?
Well. you have the twins.
You've got one very badly behaved dog.
I've got to talk to you about him.
And. um... You have me.
Yeah.
You bet.
Don't decide anything based on what you
feel now.
You just imagine tomorrow.
You wake up. you have an espresso. you
look out the window at all the layers of
Milan. Then you think. what's the next
thing you want to do?
Come on.
Pull yourself together. We have work to
do. And by we. I mean you. I have shows
to attend. You have phone calls to make.
I have a long list of people for your
wedding.
I don't want to tell you what to do. but
I'm going to tell you what to do.
Please wake her up.
You can wake her up. This is just worth
it.
I'm going to have to call you back. Wake
her up.
Good thing the clock is ticking. You
give me the number if I stop talking. If
you do have the information. my boss is
badder than your boss.
I can turn a dance floor into a runway.
Monday to Sunday. I can turn a dance
floor into a runway.
I can turn a dance floor into a runway.
I really need to talk to them as soon as
possible. I've just been crying all
day. Can you please wake them up? I have
had a lot of caffeine. yes.
No.
not like a hypothetical now. like now.
now.
Don't you want to win?
Sorry. it's time.
Have you heard from Andrea yet?
No. not yet.
So which way do I go?
I was surprised to hear from you.
Really? Why is that?
Because you don't like me.
Oh. what an absurd notion.
You are such a favorite.
And we are.
I'm so grateful that you're doing this
for us. Of course I'm doing it. Nigel
said that I'd never get another cover if
I didn't do it.
I think he said that.
Doesn't sound like him.
No.
You're right.
It sounds like someone else I know.
You can get dressed now.
I better go.
Break a leg.
Bye -bye.
let her in here. I understand. Yeah. but
if you could just... It is.
That's great. Thank you.
No. thank you. thank you. I'm going to
get her right now.
and my telephone bill is gonna be a
nightmare. but... I did it.
Your plan worked?
Are you sure?
Yes. but we have to go now. If we're
going now... So are we? Are we doing
There's a slight problem I have to host
this evening. you know?
I have to give the keynote speech.
No. there's someone else who can do it.
I'd like to speak on behalf of Runway
and represent it just as well as you if
you let him.
Who?
Oh.
Oh. he doesn't want to.
He wouldn't ever.
Have I taken you for granted?
What?
In a world where everyone shouts and
complains and whines and screws up and
tries to cover up. there's you.
i need you to help me okay because i'm
leaving right now and i need you to
speak for us instead of me no i can't do
that of course you're like brilliant
i'm not of course you are also you wrote
the damn speech so
i know you know it
I don't know.
But wait. it's better now
Buonasera a tutti.
Tonight. I'm here to talk about the love
affair between runway
and Italy. and about runway's continued
pursuit
of the excellent and the unparalleled in
the world that we love so much.
the world of la moda.
Because I'm getting a magazine. but I'm
also getting a creative mind that does
something that I can't like.
And tell me if this is a bit too much.
but I was thinking of the first issue
that the cover girl could be.
A lion tamer? A magician's assistant?
Oh. trapeze. My God. do you work in a
circus. Benji? No. me. me.
This means me. Oh. great.
Oh. that's brilliant.
Yes. I know.
Because I'm a role model. And most role
models are not just like that.
That's true.
I'm going to call my PR girl. I'm going
to have them issue a statement.
What is it. Brad?
Can we swing those whites?
How much cash?
Equity?
Is it syndicated?
We just did a simple black and white.
No. I don't want to do black and white.
Why? I think it would be Elliot. So.
here's the thing.
I've been trying to unload Elias Clark
for years.
Dad wouldn't let me. Some sentimental
hang -up. But just now. an offer just
from the sky. so I took it.
Sorry.
Are you saying that you sold Runway to
someone else? I sold all of Elias Clark.
including Runway. to someone else.
No. you didn't.
Sorry. guys.
People.
No. no.
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
wait. wait.
I don't like it when you're... How could
you have let this happen to me?
Who did this to me?
Who?
We will.
Do you think she'll be able to stay out
of things?
You heard her.
Hands off.
For now.
You know. I should thank you.
You really woke me up.
I'm whole.
You should still write that book.
350k. that's nothing to sneeze at.
How did I know?
Oh. Andy.
People run to tell you this kind of
news.
They run.
You should write it. and you should keep
all the juicy bits in.
How impatient I am.
And demanding and imperious.
How much of my children's lives I've
missed.
Just to put it all in there.
Because people should know.
They should know there's a cost.
But boy. I love working.
I really do. don't you?
Yeah. I just love it.
And if you read this book accurately.
you know. could buy me a couple more
at the top.
Am I going to do that to you. Miranda?
Not anymore.
Why not?
Oh. because we're a team now?
Hmm.
Okay. Go ahead. tell yourself that. You
wanted to save me.
That's a nice story.
And you are a good storyteller. but no.
what you wanted to save was yourself.
And the last clock's just the last piece
of wood floating next to the Titanic.
And for now. yeah. there is room for
both of us.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe I did it to keep my life.
We can still do good work together.
No. we have no choice.
Pinocchio? Mm -mm.
Oh. my God.
Pinocchio.
Pinocchio grande.
Thank you. This is very funny. But. you
know. she doesn't need any of this.
Nobody needs anything. but who doesn't
love your freebie?
You love me.
You love me. I love you.
Thank you. Of course.
So. did you call him yet?
No.
I'm worried I'll say the wrong thing.
Maybe. Go see him.
Say the wrong thing.
That's part of it.
Stop.
Sono felice.
Be very proud of you.
I'm happy to see you.
In Italian?
Yeah. That was in Italian.
Well. so no.
I'm happy to see you in Italian. too.
Listen. we didn't have a perfect hello.
and we certainly didn't have a
perfect goodbye. but maybe that doesn't
mean anything except we're not perfect.
And maybe we should just be not perfect.
Thank you.
Well. I screwed up.
Rather royally.
It's okay.
Really?
Everyone screws up.
I might be very happy to hear that.
although I'd be shocked you'd compromise
your much -vaunted values for me. Yeah.
well. you know. sometimes you gotta...
How are things at coach?
It's honestly fine.
Great. It's fine.
Those other people were so mean about my
French.
Got a bit sick a bit.
Do you know that I called you?
Yeah. I do. That's why I wanted to hear.
No. I mean. after you left Broadway the
first time. I called you. You called me?
I called you. You... Oh. yeah. I
remember. I got a pocket dial from you.
Bloody hell.
No. I wanted us to be...
I thought we could be pals.
No. don't make that face.
It's not a big deal.
Yes. but it's obviously too late now.
isn't it?
Why? Because I'm like persona non grata.
that's why.
That's me.
And can I just say. you're going to get
your shot to be whatever it is that you
do want to be. I don't know about that.
You know. Benji broke up with me.
It's going to be so hard.
to find that kind of patron again. You
don't need him. or a fashion house. or a
patron. or anything. You don't need. you
are all Polly.
Well. that is a lovely compliment.
Friend? I don't want to hold your hand.
but yeah. friend.
Okay.
What is wrong with my eyebrows?
Look. it's not fatal.
I'm going to take you somewhere. and
it's going to be a transformation. All
right. all right. Thank you so much.
Enjoy.
I don't know. They are. I ordered them.
Don't carb shame me. Just a little
happy.
Don't you know that shared carbs have no
calories?
You know what?
I think I do.
Jim. you got a job.
You're a junior editor now. But we
match.
I get your same order. so I want to be
just like you.
Thank you.
Let's go. Go TA?
Yeah. I bursted it. The listing was
misspelled.
Oh.
hey. did you get the. um... Yeah. more
time on the budget.
Isn't it cute?
You and me together for the long run.
Like you said. fate's funny like that.
Yeah. that's true.
Fate and...
A couple of well -timed texts from Jane
Rabbit. yeah?
With flowing recommendation from me. of
course.
This whole time. you thought of this and
you just dropped into it.
So sweet.
Who's the last folder for assistant
number one?
That's me. Thank you.
Congratulations on your promotion. Mari.
Thank you.
I really deserved it. didn't I?
Certainly.
Congratulations. Thank you.
Miranda Priestley's office.
Uh. draft of the lead story for next
month?
Hard copy.
Thank you.